README.md, before:

# Angular Elypian Components [![discord-members]][discord] [![gitlab-build]][gitlab] [![gitlab-coverage]][gitlab] [![npm-downloads]][npm] [![donate-shield]][elypia-donate]
## About
This is a small extension to [Material Angular], it is made with the intent to continue using
the Material Angular components and styles while trying to build additional components.  

New components build in this library may or may not be compatible with the original [Material Design] spec

ng-elypian is a small library which only depends on [Material Angular] and provides some
small components but usually neccasary or useful components to get a website started, there are also
directives and validators added for form validation and such as well.  

All components are visible through the [Angular Elypian] website with documentation,
usage, and examples to get you going.

[discord]: https://discord.gg/hprGMaM "Discord Invite"
[gitlab]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/commits/master "Repository on GitLab"
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@elypia/ng-elypian "Package on NPM"
[elypia-donate]: https://elypia.org/donate "Donate to Elypia"
[Material Angular]: https://github.com/angular/components "Material Angular on GitHub"
[Material Design]: https://material.io/design/ "Material Designs"
[Angular Elypian]: https://ng.elypia.org/ "ng-elypian"

[discord-members]: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/184657525990359041/widget.png "Discord Shield"
[gitlab-build]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/badges/master/pipeline.svg "GitLab Build Shield"
[gitlab-coverage]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/badges/master/coverage.svg "GitLab Coverage Shield"
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@elypia/ng-elypian.svg "NPM Downloads"
[donate-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Elypia-Donate-blueviolet "Donate Shield"

Commit message:

* Updated to Angular 9 * Now testing with Puppeteer * WIP Carousel Component

README.md, after:

# Angular Elypian Components [![discord-members]][discord] [![gitlab-build]][gitlab] [![gitlab-coverage]][gitlab] [![npm-downloads]][npm] [![donate-shield]][elypia-donate]
## About
This is a small extension to [Material Angular], it is made with the intent to continue using
the Material Angular components and styles while trying to build additional components.  

New components build in this library may or may not be compatible with the original [Material Design] spec

ng-elypian is a small library which only depends on [Material Angular] and provides some
small components but usually neccasary or useful components to get a website started, there are also
directives and validators added for form validation and such as well.  

All components are visible through the [Angular Elypian] website with documentation,
usage, and examples to get you going.

## Open-Source
This project is licenced under the Apache 2.0 project, don't be afraid to derive or reference
from this project all you want!

**All non-code files including videos, models, audio, bitmaps, vectors, and 
animations such as gifs, are not under the aforementioned license; all rights
are reserved by Elypia CIC.** 

## Support
Should any problems occur, come visit us over on [Discord]! We're always around and
there are ample developers that would be willing to help; if it's a problem with the library
itself then we'll make sure to get it sorted.

[Discord]: https://discordapp.com/invite/hprGMaM "Discord Invite"
[gitlab]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/commits/master "Repository on GitLab"
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@elypia/ng-elypian "Package on NPM"
[elypia-donate]: https://elypia.org/donate "Donate to Elypia"
[Material Angular]: https://github.com/angular/components "Material Angular on GitHub"
[Material Design]: https://material.io/design/ "Material Designs"
[Angular Elypian]: https://ng.elypia.org/ "ng-elypian"

[discord-members]: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/184657525990359041/widget.png "Discord Shield"
[gitlab-build]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/badges/master/pipeline.svg "GitLab Build Shield"
[gitlab-coverage]: https://gitlab.com/Elypia/ng-elypian/badges/master/coverage.svg "GitLab Coverage Shield"
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@elypia/ng-elypian.svg "NPM Downloads"
[donate-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Elypia-Donate-blueviolet "Donate Shield"
